---
title: 'Battery Ridge Dr 5'
date_recorded: 2026-03-31
time_recorded: 17:03
source_audio: '2026-03-31_1703_battery-ridge-dr-5.m4a'
transcription_model: 'gpt-4o-transcribe'
source_app: 'voice-memos'
source_title: 'Battery Ridge Dr 5'
source_path: '20260331 170355-EF2F467B.qta'
voice_memo_unique_id: 'EF2F467B-D946-48E7-95D1-2C33ED8BD0F5'
status: raw
tags:
  - transcript
  - inbox
---

# Summary
To be filled later.

# Raw Transcript
Okay, so this is going to kick off my childhood moves timeline. So I'm going to try to go through these and remember what's what. But so my childhood moves were basically that I can remember. So it was kindergarten was at Kinetiquot Elementary and Isoteris. First grade was RCK and Isoteris. Then I moved to Islip. That was third grade and Islip was Wingen-Hophog Elementary School for third grade. Then I moved to Florida in third grade. I don't remember the school. I'll have to look it up. But it was a Florida school. I remember because that was when I saw the space shuttle. I saw the space shuttle explode. I was actually, I was able to see it from the school in third grade because it was, you know, it was like the school had like outdoor, you know, between classes and stuff. We went outside to see it. And then after third grade, I went back to New York. It's back to RCK. And then sometimes I went after seventh grade, I moved to Florida and I went to middle school in Florida. And then I went to high school in Lemon Bay High School in Florida. And then I moved back, I guess the middle of ninth grade, back to East Islip High School and finished out, I finished out high school and graduated in East Islip High School. Let's see, who I lived with for each of those. So I lived with basically lived with my mom for, I lived with my mom for the kindergarten, first grade, third grade. When we moved to Florida, it was my mom and my stepfather, Billy. That was when my sister, my half sister, Kristen was born. We were in Dunedin, Florida. I remember it was pretty crazy because I remember because, because, you know, it was just me, Billy and my mom. And I remember my mom was in labor. And I remember we got, we got pulled over because we were speeding in the middle of the night trying to get to the hospital. And then the cop came over. And he's like, no, my mom was shouting, baby, she's having a baby. And the cop was just, oh, and he's just like, escort, escorted us with the sirens right to the hospital where my sister was going to be born. But I remember it was a tough night. I remember I had nightmares because I was, my mom was staying in the hospital. And I was just back at the place with Billy and sleeping, you know, without my mom. It was a tough time. I remember having some nightmares and, but, and my sister was born. And it was, it was great to actually have a, you know, a little, little sister, you know, with us at the time. I did have another half sister, Andrea Nicole, who was, you know, kind of with my, my father and his, his second wife, Heidi. So, but I didn't, you know, so I spent some time with her, but it was only when I visited my dad out, out in the East End of Long Island. But Kristen, you know, was living with us. So it was, you know, I spent a lot more time with her as a baby. Yeah, that was the third grade. Let's see what else. And then the, the, the only time I lived with my mom was when I left to go to Florida to live with my dad. That was, that was in the, when I left the middle of seventh grade, when I went to Florida, when my dad built the house for Bobby at that investment property. That was with my dad. And then eventually when I was in Florida, sometime around ninth grade, I think my, my dad actually ended up leaving. And I ended up staying, living in Florida with my Aunt Nancy. So, so Florida, like a bunch of little lamps had come and gone in Florida. It was basically, you know, I went down there with my dad, but, you know, Uncle Bobby was, was back and forth because it was his investment property they were building. Uncle Jerry was down there. And then eventually Uncle Tommy came down for, to do some work. And then even Uncle Eddie came down. I remember Uncle Eddie was living with us in, my dad had the master bedroom. I was, I was in there with him and Eddie set up a little bed in the master bedroom too. We were all kind of, we had like a bunch of guys in the house, you know, a bunch of construction guys. So it kind of, every brother of the lump side had kind of gone through and then Nancy ended up showing up. And, you know, a lot of them all went back to New York and, but it was me and Nancy left there. And so it was kind of on my own. My grandmother would send me some, some money every week to kind of, you know, as an allowance. And I was kind of on my own. And, and Florida, yeah, it was, that was an interesting time in Florida. I mean, it was a lot, a lot of cool stuff I could go into later, but, you know, I had a, I had a dirt bike. I used to, I had, I did a lot of skateboarding, met a lot of skateboard friends. I met my best friend Lee Hayes in Florida. He was from Texas and his mom and dad moved to Florida and kind of ended up spending quite a lot of time with, with Lee skateboarding. We built a half pipe in his backyard. We used to skate all over the place. Mike McClure, he was another one from the neighborhood, skater. And we, we just, we did a lot of skating and a lot of fishing, a lot of, you know, we spent a lot of time on the beach. We used to jump off the bridges on the, on the causeway going to Gasparilla Island into the water. Darrell had some, my father's friend Darrell had some jet skis. We used to jet ski through the inlets of, you know, North Gasparilla Island on the Gulf. It was beautiful. You know, I used to, my Uncle Eddie used to fish on, right off, right off the bridge there. I remember I was jumping off the bridge into the water while my uncle was fishing. He caught a three foot hammerhead right when I was jumping and swimming in the water. But yeah, Florida was an interesting time. We met a lot of people, did a lot, you know, a lot of my early teen years. You know, I had a, I bought a, I remember I bought a 1979 Motobecane moped. It was an orange Italian moped. And I used to drive that thing all, all around. I used to drive the back roads to my friend Lee's house to get around. And we, we ended up buying a dirt bike. And he had an XR100, I had an XR80. And we used to drive all over the place, dirt biking. We even got my Aunt Nancy into, to get a dirt bike. And her friends on the softball team, they had a quad. And so we used to go riding in the backwoods, you know, near, between Boca Grande and where we were, you know, by that. So we kind of, it was a little town called El Jobeen. Across the river, we were right on the corner there, on the border of Englewood and Port Charlotte. But there was a lot of woods there. It was basically in the, in the 70s and 80s, general development, just like they built all these roads and all these neighborhoods. Back, back there was, there's an area called Rotunda, which was a huge circle. I mean, you could see it from, from the, from a plane when you would fly from Tampa, you would see Rotunda. I don't know, it had to be like 10 miles round, this perfectly round development. But the crazy part was, it was like all of these roads that they, that general development, they just built like roads with like, you know, picture a whole neighborhood, like road by road, block by block with like stop signs and street signs, but just no houses. They were just empty lots, just like rows and rows and rows of roads and neighborhoods with no houses. And they just sold all these plots to people who were buying up land in Florida in the 70s and 80s, just like, but you know, but they never developed them. There was just like empty lots. So we used to drive all the dirt bikes down back through those woods. Kids used to hang out down there. It was such a weird, weird area with all these just deserted roads with empty lots, you know. So that was, was an interesting area. And yeah, I mean, so we had a lot of dirt biking, had a moped and one of my other friends had a moped. I remember we fixed it up and my friend Willie, I think he had a broken carburetor. My friend Willie, his grandfather was a truck driver and had a garage with a shop. And so we were like, we would like use some JB Weld and like fix this thing up, but the throttle broke. And so he put this piece of cardboard on the carburetor to control the throttle. But eventually he sold, he sold it or traded it to another friend of ours. And he was driving this thing like with a carburetor, with a piece of cardboard over the carburetor. And he wasn't paying attention and his fingers went into the chain where the car, right, you know, because the carburetor was right down there where the front sprocket was.

# Notes
- Recording type: story / timeline / guidance
- Approximate year:
- People mentioned:
- Places mentioned:
- Follow-up needed:
